# NoSolutionToModularEqn
Number of Solutions to Modular Equations   Given A and B, the task is to find the number of possible values that X can take such that the given modular equation (A mod X) = B holds good. Here, X is also called a solution of the modular equation.   If we carefully analyze the equation A mod X = B its easy to note that if (A = B) then there are infinitely many values greater than A that X can take. In the Case when (A &lt; B), there cannot be any possible value of X for which the modular equation holds. So the only case we are left to investigate is when (A > B).  Hint: Now, we can use a well known relation i.e. Dividend = Divisor * Quotient + Remainder. We are looking for all possible X i.e. Divisors given A i.e Dividend and B i.e., remainder. So, We can say, A = X * Quotient + B Let Quotient be represented as Y therefore, A = X * Y + B A - B = X * Y therefore, To get integral values of Y,  we need to take all X such that X divides (A - B) therefore, X is a divisor of (A - B). So, the problem reduces to finding the divisors of (A – B) and the number of such divisors is the possible values X can take. But as we know A mod X would result in values from (0 to X – 1) we must take all such X such that X > B. Thus, we can conclude by saying that the number of divisors of (A – B) greater than B, are the all possible values X can take to satisfy A mod X = B.  Input Format: The first line of input consists of an integer which corresponds to value of A. The second line of input consists of an integer which corresonds to value of B.  Output Format: Output consists of an integer which corresponds to the number of possible values that X can take such that the given modular equation (A mod X) = B.  Sample Input: 26 2  Sample Output: 6  Explanation: X can be equal to any of {3, 4, 6, 8, 12, 24} as A modulus any of these values equals 2. That is: (26 mod 3) = (26 mod 4) = (26 mod 6) = (26 mod 8) = .... = 2.
